>> Speaker 1: Why can't you just
do this.tell.next = null and
then set this.tell.next = 104,
will that not-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So for example if we
look at this, the tails,
next is null already.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But in order to remove
this one we need to remove this pointer,
in order to get to that pointer
we need to loop through it.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There is a hack-ey
way that you could also do it but
I think it's bad practise,
there's another way you could do it but
this is the correct way of doing it.
>> Speaker 3: This might be the bad
practise, but instead of closuring in
current node to the while loop,
I haven't even thought through this.
But it is possible to declare a function
that takes in a parameter which
would be the stack head, then recursively
goes through and traverses down in?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's the same,
that's the same.
>> Speaker 3: It would
be the same function-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
recursion is just a different
way of looping through things.
So anytime you see a loop you could do
it recursively but you are creating that
extra space with the call stack, so you
are just doing extra work for yourself.
>> Speaker 3: That is the big difference,
the space complexity would be greater and
there wouldn't be-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
there are certain optimizations around
recursion that Java Script
sometimes has but
in general,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To an iterative
solution, it's usually faster and
easier to reason about,
recursion can be hard
to sort in your mind.
You can only hold so
many things in your mind at once and
recursion forces to hold
your maximum capacity.
However, there are certain things when you
get to a point where it's easier to use
recursion but if you can see an iterative
solution, just do the iterative solution.
Unless your interviewer is like,
you can ask,
do you want me to do this iteratively or
recursively?
But if you're just supposed to be looping
through an array and you ask them to do it
recursively, they might look at you funny,
so think about that before you ask.
But if you're talking about a link list,
it's a recursive structure,
you could recurse through a link list,
a reasonable thing to do.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But you could just ask
cuz that might be what they're getting at,
the recursive solution.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
so we're removing the tail.
The other thing you can do,
like if you wanna get constant time,
you might delete.
You can do like a remove next where
you pass in the previous node and
it will just remove the next one.
That's the constant time,
easy thing to do, and
you're just moving the pointer
from previousnodes.next.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we could pass
in the list, also previous node.
Also note what I'm doing here, I'm
writing a function outside of my class.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: When do I do that?
A lot actually.
In this case, there isn't
really a real reason other than
there's a bunch of garbage up there,
I don't wanna clutter.
But I would use it in
the case where I think this function would
be useful for a different data structure.
So if it's a formating type function or
anything that's not necessary
totally has to be tied to my class.
I'll just make it outside and
eventually I'll move it into its own
file if this is part of the code base.
>> Speaker 1: But in an interview setting.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Either,
it depends, in an interview setting,
they might say, write a function
that takes a linked list and
deletes the previous node,
and deletes the next node.
And so in that case, they are passing
the list and the previous node, right?
And so, in this case, you would need
to access the internals of the list, so
you would need to,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No,
actually you don't but
you could potentially if you needed
to access the head or the tail.
But those are public anyway,
so I guess it doesn't matter,
we don't have an underscore storage or
anything like that.
So yeah, we could just pass it
to a function, that's fine.
And this is probably more likely
what you're gonna see than say,
implementing your link list from scratch.
It's gonna be like,
here's a link list, by the way,
this is what it's gonna look like.
You're gonna have a next and then you're
going to have a data or a value, and
that's what you can expect
the node to look like.
And just assumes that all of
the stuff underneath is how it works.